Proofread/edited perf-style-guide.md (#606)
ScorexFoundation/sigmastate-interpreter: docs/perf-style-guide.md

(see  performance of "Seq vs Array" in `BasicBenchmarks.scala`).

What happens here is that 1) native unboxed Java array is created and then
2) wrapped via implicit conversion `wrapIntArray` into a `WrappedArray#ofInt` 
object which is inherited from the `Seq` trait so it can be used directly. 

Why this is faster:
1) Avoids additional allocations (vs only two new objects are allocated in the Array case). 
Note that not only is each Int boxed into java.lang.Integer (or other primitive type), 
but also `scala.collection.immutable.::` instances are created for each item as well.
2) Avoids boxing (which is proportional to the size of Seq)

> 3) The accessing of array items is cached locally both when the array is created and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3) The accessing of array items is cache friendly both when the array is created and 
```
